at the future of HTMI at this point it's
focusing on students it's focusing on
the core values and I think bringing
HTMI forward is is really supporting
that and see where we go we have a big
future million HTM is that I have the
opportunity to meet a lot of people from
different countries different cultures
and we are actually quoting here
together as part of a family
we have a very student-centered focus in
terms of our education we like to
challenge students and a lot of our
education is based around what could be
described as challenge based learning
the work that I do is editing two
journals which are published online for
the publication of student work
that's quite an innovative moves HTM
eyes moved to have students given an
opportunity to see their work in
publication very strong tight support
and relationship with the with the
school's management the teaching team as
well that we can just go and ask them
questions whenever we want and whenever
they are free which is much more easier
we run conferences here at HTMI twice a
year one in house with our students
presenting papers the second one tends
to be a rather bigger and more
international event and that we have
guest speakers as well as our own
students presenting material
using of technology is very effective
like the teaching methods and most of
all I like the efficient combination of
theory and practice
it is extremely important to listen to
the industry to find out what are the
exact needs what are the challenges
which they face so we could train our
students to fill up that gap and make
sure that they would be the best which
the hotel company could ask for
with the vision I can really see that
HDMI has a really strong vision to see
where it's going and I love to be part
of it
I think we do stand by what we say we do
we do listen to students we do listen to
students feedback and I think that is
very encouraging for parents to know
that the value of their money and their
return on investment for their children
is their not only will you grow with
HTMI at the speed that it is growing at
you will grow yourself as a human being
as a professional in the hospitality
industry and building confidence I mean
I haven't seen any other place that
allows you to really become more
confident in the visual
by getting accreditations through some
major organizations especially in the
United Kingdom and also in Switzerland
so if you want to get a quality
education you can be sure getting that
from HTMI
I had a choice between few schools in
Switzerland and after visiting all of
them I just like the attitude and
atmosphere in HCM I was very friendly
very calm very attractive so that's why
I'm here
we'll be using a lot of this focusing
through Apple technology also when we do
go on to iTunes view we're going to use
that as a global focus to show what we
do here and hopefully has a knock-on
effect the domino effect that people
start to realize it's not just the job
in hospitality it's actually a way of
life and everyone has a chance to make a
difference and that's what it's all
about making a difference
you